Introduction: Case study about how Louis Vuitton grew to dominate it's field under Bernard Arnault

Louis Vuitton spent 17 years mastering his bag making skills under Romain who specialized in making bags.

In 1853 Louis met the empress of France, wife of Napoleon the third.
He was so close to her that he became her personal packer for designing and transporting her luggages.

He became a renowned craftsmen and designer in France so to capitalize on his fame he started on his own
workshop which specialized in designing bags for the richest people in France.

1. Problem: Bags were made with pig skin. Although they were durable, they were heavy and would crack
after a certain point

2. Problem: Bags traditionally had dome-shaped tops. If mud or rain fell on the bags it would just roll
off the bags. However steam engines were becoming more common and people travelling by train did not have
to worry about rain or mud. Additionally, they were not suitable for stacking on top of each other

3. Problem: Bags were not very water tight. They would absorb water, ruining the clothes.

Solution: The Steamer trunk was water tight, light, and suitable for trains. It had a flat top and was
made with a canvas material with a glue based treatment. It was made with popular wood with metal buckles
making bag elegant as well.

4. Problem: Louis Vuitton's home and workshop was destroyed in the Franco-Prussian war of 1871.
Solution: He set up a new shop called Opera near the Paris Railway Station and close to the largest and
most luxurious hotel in Europe.

5. Problem: Fake and Cheap copycats emerged threatening Luios' brand.
Solution: His son led the differentiation phase.

6. Problem: Travel time between cities was too long and people carried jewellery, cash and important
papers. As a result theft became a very big Problem
Solution: They designed the unpickable lock which was so good that no thief in France could open it.
They even challenged Harry Houdini, the famous magician and escape artist to open it. 
Outcome: Houdini neveraccepted the challenge so their locks became the best in the market.

7. Problem: While travelling, dirty and clean clothes could touch each other or shoes and shirts could
touch each other resulting in shirt becoming dirty.
Solution: George Vuitton segregated the luggage by designing multiple compartments in a bag.

8. Problem: With the automobile era, the bags designed for trains would no longer be suitable for cars.
Solution: George Vuitton designed a specialized trunk fors cars that could fit in everything from mirrors
to perfumes to glasses.

9. If you can't do great things do simple things in a great way(Louis made great bags that were best in 
the market)

10. Innovation stems from the act of stepping out of habituation(Louis and George designed bags with
features that solved customer problems even customers didn't know about)

11. Good is Imperative, but Greatness is a difficult choice(Louis and George provided great services
and quality again and again)

Lesson: Innovate your AI models. Think about potential problems users might face and how you can resolve
them. Identify difficulties and fix them beforehand. TThink outside the box.
