Introduction: Case Study regarding the rise of Pulse Candy from 0 to 100 crore
Pulse currently commands 16% of the market share.

1. Problem: Hard Boiled Candies have a  very competitive market where 90% of new candies launched fail 
within a year due to low barrier of entry, , variety of flavors along India

Solution: The DS group spent 2 years in R&D and learning about the market. They cracked the code 
for the versatility of the flavours in flavours and found raw mango with a sour and sweet flavour to be
loved universely across India. 

2. Problem: lack of customer loyalty as customer purchased candy for flavour not for brand.

Solution: They gained customer loyalty for flavours by sensory specific satiety:
They used multiple flavours within a candy to keep the initial thrill of eating the candy and enjoy the
taste until the end(using a masala within a raw mango candy).

3. Problem: Due to Inflexible(rigid) prices and bad unit economics. 
HBC have a very low profit margin, and rise in cost of ingredients(sugar) cannot be offset by an increase
in price as price itself is very low(1 ruppee) as compared to chocolate.

Solution: The DS group launched the candy at a 1 ruppe price(double the price of other candies) 
as it was a new product so it had no price prior to being launched. In addition, due to inflation
they would be forced to increase the price at a later point so it was better to launch it at a higher 
(good) price initially than be forced to later and face potential customer backlash and at a loss.
Finally, the 50 paise coin was going out of circulation so the price difference didn't matter as much
to the customer but it was double the profit for the DS group

4. Due to their extensive distribution groups, they could reach stores all across India.

5. They convinced smoking shops to recommend Pulse candy to smokers(who were already using candies to
mask their smell of smoking).
Outcome: Most smokers began buying 10-30 candies at a time.

6. Always perfect your product before launching it in the market( The DS group spent 2 years in 
research and development)

7. Intelligent Disruption(Although they added more flavours they smartly priced their product)

Final Lessons: Just like Pulse spent time perfecting their product, spend time properly training AI
models. Ensure customer gets a proper model on time rather than a poor model fast. Moreover, just like
Pulse research a creative way to make their candies stand out from their competitors, train your model
on unique datasets to achieve different results from your competitors.